You go into a supermarket.
你走进一家超市。
I usually grab a shopping basket, a shopping basket supermarkets either provide shopping baskets or shopping carts for you to carry around your products.
我通常会拿一个购物篮，超市一般会提供购物篮或购物车，方便你携带商品。
These are the aisles aisles the first aisle I see is the snacks aisle, the snacks aisle and here we can find chocolate bars.
这里是过道，我看到的第一个过道是零食区，在零食区里我们可以找到 M&M 巧克力豆和巧克力棒。
Look what I found! I found chips! These are chips.
我找到了薯片！这些是薯片。
Let's go to the beverage section because I want to teach.
我们去饮料区吧，因为我想教你一些东西。
Choose something there this is the beverages section beverages section here. we can find juice, soda, wine. now I want to teach you something really valuable which is.
在这里挑点东西吧，这里是饮料区，在饮料区我们可以找到果汁、汽水和葡萄酒。
I'm gonna grab it this one this is a six pack of beer, a six pack of beer could be also a six pack of soda so here is beer but it could be a six pack of beer a six pack of soda, a six pack of water and so much more.
我要拿这个，这是一“提”啤酒（six pack of beer），一提啤酒。“six pack”也可以指一提汽水，这里是啤酒，但它也可以是一提啤酒、一提汽水、一提水等等。
A six pack means that there are six cans so 123456 cans of soda or.
Six pack”指的是里面有六罐，比如一二三四五六，六罐汽水，或者
A beer here let's find more beverages because there is something else that I want to show you guys.
比如这里是啤酒，我们再找一些饮料，因为我还想给大家展示别的东西。
So this is a six pack of water, a six pack of water which means that there are six bottles of water here actually there are six here but it could be eight an eight pack of water, a four pack of water the numbers can vary according to how many bottles we have here.
这是一个六瓶装的水（six pack of water），意思是这里有六瓶水，实际上这里确实是六瓶，但也可能是八瓶装的水（eight pack），或者四瓶装的水（four pack），数量可以根据瓶子的多少而变化。
Here we can find frozen fish fillet, frozen fish filet let me show you guys these are frozen fish filletce frozen fish fillets delicious we can also find Shrimps!
在这里我们可以找到冷冻鱼排，冷冻鱼片，让我给你们看看，这些是冷冻鱼排，非常美味，我们还可以找到虾！
These are so tasty!
这些非常好吃！
Here we can also find pizzas and chicken breasts for example, I mean frozen pizza and frozen chicken breasts.
在这里我们还可以找到披萨和鸡胸肉，比如冷冻披萨和冷冻鸡胸肉。
This is where we find condiments condiments such as mustard, ketchup, mayonnaise or Mayo which is a short for mayonnaise.
这里是调味品区，比如芥末、番茄酱、蛋黄酱，或者简称为 Mayo（美乃滋）。
We can also find bottled sauces bottled sauces they come in a bottle they're so delicious!
我们还可以找到瓶装酱料，这些酱料装在瓶子里，非常美味！